Add W&B logging (#761)
EducationalTestingService/skll: doc/run_experiment.rst

You can also generate the plots from the learning curve summary
file using the :ref:`plot_learning_curves <plot_learning_curves>` utility script.

.. _output_wandb:

Weights and Biases

> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Reviewer: I don't care that much about this aspect, but it would be good to use the name as it appears on their website and to use that same name everywhere. Abbreviations would be nice if they were also standardized (see comment elsewhere).
```suggestion
Weights & Biases
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```

If logging to Weights and Biases is :ref:`enabled<wandb_credentials>`, a new

> run will be created under the specified wandb project. The full run congiguration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
run will be created under the specified W&B project. The full run configuration
```

will be logged, including default values for fields that were not specified by the
user. General information, like learner, feature set and size of training and testing
sets will be logged separately for each job in the run.
Additionally, the following output will be logged for each task:

  *   **train**: The full path to the generated model file is logged in the project summary.
  *   **predict**: The predictions file is logged as a table for each job separately.
  *   **evaluate**: The task summary file is logged as a table. For classification jobs,

>       a confusion matrix wil be logged for each job, as well as a table that shows per-label

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      a confusion matrix will be logged for each job, as well as a table that shows per-label
```

> Weights and Biases
> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
> If logging to Weights and Biases is :ref:`enabled<wandb_credentials>`, a new
> run will be created under the specified wandb project. The full run congiguration
> will be logged, including default values for fields that were not specified by the
> user. General information, like learner, feature set and size of training and testing
> sets will be logged separately for each job in the run.
> Additionally, the following output will be logged for each task:
> 
>   *   **train**: The full path to the generated model file is logged in the project summary.
>   *   **predict**: The predictions file is logged as a table for each job separately.
>   *   **evaluate**: The task summary file is logged as a table. For classification jobs,
>       a confusion matrix wil be logged for each job, as well as a table that shows per-label
>       precision, recall and f-measure for each job.
>   *   **cross_validate**: The output is similar to the `evaluate` task, with a separate job
>       per CV fold.
>   *   **learning_curve** The summary file is logged as a table, and all learning curve plots
>       are logged in the task Media section.
> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Integration with Weights & Biases
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
The output of any SKLL experiment can be automatically logged to `Weights & Biases <https://wandb.ai>`. 
Once the logging is :ref:`enabled<wandb_credentials>`, a new
run will be created under the specified W&B project. The following is logged
for _all_ tasks: 
- The SKLL configuration file, including default values for fields that were left unspecified
- The learner, feature set, and size of training and testing sets for each job in the experiment

There are additional items logged depending on the task type: 
  *   **train**: The full path to the generated model file is logged in the project summary.
  *   **predict**: The predictions file is logged as a table, separately for each job in the experiment.
  *   **evaluate**: The task summary file is logged as a table. For classification experiments, 
      the confusion matrix as well as a table that shows per-label precision, recall and f-measure
      are logged for each job.
  *   **cross_validate**: Similar output logged as the `evaluate` task, with a separate job per CV fold.
  *   **learning_curve** The summary file is logged as a table, and all learning curve plots
      are logged as media artifacts.
```
